In   those    years, those days must   do
Age has reached the end of the beginning of a word. May   be guilty in his seems to passing a lot of different life became the appearance of the same day; May be back in the past, to oneself the   paranoid weird belief disillusionment, these days, my mind has been very messy, in my mind constantly. Always feel oneself should go to do   something, or write something. Twenty years of life trajectory deeply shallow, suddenly feel something, do   it.
The end of our life, and can meet   many things really do?
During my childhood, think lucky money and new clothes are necessary for New Year, but as the advance of the age, will be more and more found that those things are optional;   Junior high school, thought to have a crush on just means that the real growth, but over the past three years later, his writing of alumni in peace, suddenly found that isn't really grow up, it seems is   not so important; Then in high school, think don't want to give vent to out your inner voice can be in the high school children of the feelings in a period, but was eventually infarction when graduation party in the throat, later again stood on the pitch he has sweat profusely, looked at his thrown a basketball hoops,   suddenly found himself has already can't remember his   appearance.
Originally, this world, can produce a chemical reaction to an event, in addition to resolutely, have to do, and     time.
A person's time, your ideas are always   special to clear. Want, want, line is clear, as if nothing could shake   his. Also once seemed to be determined to do something, but more often is he backed out at last. Dislike his cowardice, finally found   that there are a lot of love, there are a lot of   miss, like shadow really have   been doomed. Those who do, just green years   oneself give oneself an arm  injection, or is a self-righteous spiritual.
At the moment, the sky is dark, the air is fresh factor after just rained. Suddenly thought of blue plaid shirt; Those were broken into various shapes of stationery; From the corner at the beginning of deep friendship; Have declared the end of the encounter that haven't start planning... Those years, those days of do, finally, like youth, will   end in our   life.

